Truly Let me lay you down with the condition of CHRIST as a University now.
 It really was good when it was an Autonomous College then Under Bangalore University.

As a University, CHRIST is deteriorating every year. Gone are the days when students
 used to get really good placements in CHRIST. However now the quality of education has decreased as the number of students have increased in CHRIST.

The students have no freedom here. Trust me most of
 them are hindered to stick between 9 to 4 continuous and strict classes. With CIAs and deadlines, CHRIST has no freedom.

The Security Guards are more powerful than faculty members here. As a serving faculty in CHRIST, 
I tell you, the university is running by instilling fear into the students. Fear of attendance shortage. 
If attendance is below 85% severe action is taken and a lot of fines are charged or even the student is not allowed for the examination. 
This is one way which university earns money by snubbing the students.

Faculty members are definitely qualified but most of them run away in 3 years average due to the amount of
 pressure put on faculty members. Even the management works on the policy of do or die. They either tune faculty members to be like them or they would replace them easily.

The quality of education depends on the aspirational teaching of faculty members. 
A mere PhD alone doesn’t make them good. It so happened that most dedicated and commited faculty 
members were forced to leave as they had not registered or completed their PhD course work in Faculty of Engineering. 
However, in Sciences (CS), really good set of faculty were replaced by low quality PhD holders from tamil nadu universities. 
They go more on policies rather than people.

Trust me, Christ (Deemed to be University) may be a Christian Institution in the outlook but CMI 
priests running them are ruthless and are money making masters. 
As a Catholic, I’ve seen Jesuits who are true educators and these CMI priests are so called Business Minded Educators. 
CHRIST if this continues you will not only lose Faculty members but also your students, reputation and everything.

The University is now just CHRIST and was definitely not granted Autonomy by the UGC which makes it a Category 3 University in the UGC. 
It has been deteriorating every year and now 10 years as a University and 40 years as a college, 
CHRIST is entering into Golden Jubilee with only Good Infrastructure but low quality students and of course 
Low quality qualified faculty (At Least In FACULTY OF ENGINEERING at least 70% of them).

Kindly Be aware of this University. May God Grant you a better option in life.
